let's see if this works
[Music]
chewy to the round of the Twisted Coke
here some balloons go up and smoke take
a deep breath try not to choke
intoxication kiss a poison get your real
gone grab your arm on the low played on
line with the witch fly home spit high
five on the microphone the dop so good
they Minds all blown magic of the cow
The Man Who Laughs in the purple trees
light bar got the sticky icky make you
sneeze Twilight Zone ha the jelly beans
I run with a Georgia Queen MK Ultra
project Monarch drug the
population like Co on did you think they
were experimenting now sugar skull
wizard walks by Fire King cast a spell
hot purple for the eyes Beetle Juice AR
the clown boo Penny wise pale Satan
Gypsy Queen of the cpra
co knows what I mean burnning purple
licks sing with the
muses orus
welcome back to Lady Babylon this is a
special 0.5
Mbps
Edition we are gonna try to bring you
tonight the most file material that
we've got tonight we are opening the
apocalypse tonight I'm going to take you
you know what I've got to get my whip
right off the bat right because tonight
the instruction the instruction is going
to
be thick you're gonna see things that
have not been seen before and so I need
you to be focused I need us to go in
there we're going to hit this place wh
where are we going where are we going
alen by the way it's good to see you I'm
sorry I don't mean to jump on horse
right away like that but as long as the
falcon can take off I'm going to try to
do this minimize me Chewy
fantastic hopefully with this we can
limit our exposure hail Satan what have
I got for you tonight bring up the very
first bit what have I got for you
tonight I've got for you a voice from
Antiquity and this voice is telling you
to pick up the guitar pick up the
guitar why is it because in the
Fulfillment of this prophecy
tonight I am going to show you as this
says Those Who possess the guitars of
God those who possess the guitars of God
the
Gara do you understand me
guitara
guitar those who possess these
instruments and those instruments
belong to the god of music you thought
in your lifetime if you were like me you
thought an instrument was just an
organon that's a Greek word right it's
just a it's just a
device it's just a device no you are a
device you are a device isn't that
gorgeous I want to take you back to the
place
where we bring the
apocalypse with the
guitars the guitars of God now you're
going to ask me where did you get that
tidbit that you just flashed up into my
Greenery there tickly tickly and I'm
going to tell you it's from the Bible
it's from the Bible so if you haven't
studied minimize me Chewy this is a
tonight this is a we've got to run this
way I don't want to be bigger than that
postage stamp hell Satan right fantastic
now
um where do we have to go first people
have been asking me what about Greek
what about her ancient Greek what about
ancient Greek makes her so special makes
her so
special and I want to
address tonight specifically the priest
of
Apollo and
all all of the worshippers of
music I want to show
you
exactly what the
voice of those who came before you what
that is telling you right now at this
point in history I am bringing you the
text none of this is my opinion I will
not give you any of my ideas I do not
want to sell you anything I do not want
anything from you this is Portal opening
what I am doing is I'm bringing you back
the voices of those dead
guitarists the people people who created
everything for us you thought your you
thought your science was the creation of
nerds didn't you nerd scientists and lab
coats no it was
musicians the basis of the quantum
universe is not
mathematics it's not no it's
music it's music are you ready are you
ready
we've got to shift our operating system
this is what I tell my students I said
you coming to this Greek from an
inferior operating system it is going to
do things that you cannot do so you're
going to have to get ready it's going to
make you
uncomfortable but I'm going to use this
lubricant what's the lubricant that
helps us to slide in ever so more
comfortably it's mother Greek baby it's
that language oh God people talk about
it they don't know what they're talking
about they don't know how bad you know
I'm always putting down bog trotting
English tonight I'm going to show you
where I get that you know where I get
that from from people who study ancient
Greek yes yes yes oh God give me that
first JY give me the this look Make Love
To Mother Greek tonight I mean tonight
people I want you to um uh in order for
us to get to the guitars of the
Apocalypse because that's what I'm
showing you tonight this show should
have been titled guitars of the
Apocalypse guitars of the
Apocalypse let's open it up with
lucretius with Lucius do you know what
lucus tells us about besides The Well of
Ammon do you know what he tells us about
he tells us look
I we cannot rise to the
Greek with all the varied meanings of
its
vocabulary he says we the Latin just
doesn't do this it has a
poverty lingu right listen to the Roman
lingu when he's looking at mother Greek
looking at him sexy mother ancient Greek
looking at him right in the eyes what
does he do right he gets all
trembly talks about how he's full
of emptiness poverty the poverty of the
Latin
language can't stand up to Mother Greek
do you realize what we're doing I want
you to thank for a minute B on I'm about
to show you an
[Music]
artist diagnosing a
system and weaving in the music I'm
about to show it to you oh god oh it's
so sexy and
brainy such an attraction right oh to
that sexy brainy Lady
of isn't it gorgeous that Immortal
one right do you understand your physics
right it's music it's music fantastic
okay for dummies like me give me the
next one I just wanna I just want to
give you oh I forgot we have a little
bit of we have a little bit of okay just
got to slow down a little bit I just got
to slow down and tonight we're going to
be looking at here's another spot I just
couldn't help this I wanted you to see
lucrecias talking more who is lucretius
by the way he's talk he's writing about
natural science and he's really a
philosopher a naturalist right and he's
trying to get us all down to the levels
of the base how can we figure out this
universe and all its components well he
says look you know we have to use these
tough Greek
words right and he knows he knows that
the Latin just doesn't it's not able to
stand up
right there is something peculiar and
special and lucretius you know lucretius
is as Roman as they get bro right genius
just think genius Roman he loved the by
the way I know people say that there's
no such thing as recreational drugs
right in the ancient world but his
particular recreational drug was the
absence the
wormwood and um he very famously um took
himself to a place
of Bic Mania let's just say um through
his his Indulgence um so that was part
you know it's part of the inspiration so
people are always surprised you mean
these thoughts can come from people who
are um under the influence of serious
serious drugs yeah look at her she looks
pretty innocent doesn't she yeah she's
about to put something somewhere in
inside of you and it's going to do
things to you right this is hey people
welcome welcome to the ancient cult
medicine right don't you want salvation
you didn't know Salvation was a medical
term did you did you watch this people
shall we just Flex Greek Lady Greek's
gorgeous glutes she has gorgeous glutes
you know what I mean Greek has an
extraordinary number oh God it's all I'm
already turned on you know what I mean
of sentence adverbs or particles in the
narrow sense thank you
mlin people what are we talking about
this is a dude a classical philologist
who's painting this portrait of gorgeous
Greek and he's talking about particles
something that you
don't have in your language because you
use
modals right and it's very clumsy kind
of you know second third grish kind of
way of dealing with what the Greek is
able to deal with at an adult and mature
level through their
particles right through their particles
watch this people either alone or in
combination these sentence adverbs give
a distinctness to the relations between
ideas which in for is foreign to of
course which is foreign to other
languages and often resist translation
by separate words which in English are
frequently over emphatic and cumbersome
in comparison to the light and delicate
nature of the Greek
Originals leave that up there chewy you
remember how I told you this is I'm not
this is from a Greek grammar by SMI
right remember how I told you about the
different styles different ways of
looking at the Greek different ways of
analyzing it right we can do it
historically we can do it structurally
we can do it according to the genre and
all of the things that you'd expect for
the genre right um but at a very basic
level it uses something its operating
system uses something that yours does
not I don't care if you're speaking
German or French or Italian or English
or modern Greek or
Russian yeah I don't care
I don't care your level of
sophistication is
poopy yeah this operating
system significantly you know you this
is the one that you're supposed to
download it's the upgrade you know what
I mean give me the next not the next one
no no no oh don't we need to go back oh
darn it look at that we got excellent
time therefore oh sorry the force the
force of such words these particles is
frequently best rendered by
pause right
pause stress or alterations of pitch huh
to catch the subtle and Elusive meaning
of these often apparently
insignificant right they look like
they're insignificant tiny little things
they throw in there every once elements
of speech it challenges the utmost
villance and skill of the student it's
not me people making this up I gave you
an example of an of a Roman telling you
look there is a sophistication to the
Greek and that Roman is talking mostly
about vocabulary and when I told you
according to the tlg there are 1.5 or
six million unique Greek word forms
Ancient Ancient Greek word forms
um you I I was hoping that you would see
the flexibility in that
that is inherent in the their operating
system it it's almost like the language
is building
you isn't that nice something about
programming and Quantum gooey yum will
sneak in there somehow give us the next
one chewy I want people to see again
people what am I trying to draw for you
A Portrait of gorgeous gorgeous mother
Greek and then I'm going to apocalypse
everyone so hang on it's going to get a
little bit crazy it's up and coming
let's hit that last Source yeah go hit
me with it oh god um watch this people
he's talking another section just about
uh the glory of mother Greek I just want
to give you look at this little excerpt
it is natural to Greek by reason of the
mobility and elasticity of that language
but in English it could not be tolerated
to an equal extent
because our tongue a speech of few
inflected forms he says contemptuously
is much more rigid than Greek I thought
one language was another no it turns out
directly from the lips of those who
study languages through
history that mother Greg is far far far
superior and from her came to us all of
the beauty all of the
beauty
fantastic I love it okay let's jump in
out of the Apocalypse give me where's
that great word of Doom bring that one
first well should oh here no leave it
leave it leave it chewy yeah chewy it's
so hard to fly in this isn't it but
that's okay you're doing a great job
everybody satanic in ation shout out
shout out for chewy shout out for chewy
yeah and there we go I wanted you to see
okay look all
right 30 seconds please let me tell you
about
anakan right anacan is either natural or
artificial what are we talking about
we're talking about ways that languages
work and in this case it's not languages
it's just one it's Greek what is anakan
if you look at that you'll not notice
it's an actually an ancient Greek term
do you understand me all the knowledge
of a person who is a classical
philologist all their knowledge is
coming from
Greeks who were
garans who studied
Greek Greek itself is the first studied
language some one of my students asked
me about asked me about
uh oh what about Egyptian what about
Egyptian with its 9 million total words
or whatever it is it's um I said hey uh
seriously how big do you think the
Egyptian section at the Museum in
Alexandria was I can tell you it rhymes
with
flick you know what I mean have you read
anything Egyptian no I'm serious you
have people come to you on YouTube all
the time and they throw Egyptian stuff
in your face and it's just a big bizaar
of
BS of BS do you want to know how
Egyptian was read a couple of
documents I've got two for you the E
Papyrus right it's a medical Papyrus
read that what else read the book of the
dead and when you're 15 minutes into the
Book of the Dead and you you will
realize what exactly what I am telling
you exactly what I'm telling you when
you have a language that is inferior and
inflexible that it cannot reach
the level of the technical vocabulary
that you can that language is doomed to
death it's doomed to death we saw it a
thousand times in Antiquity with all
those little crap languages like osen
and umbre and those things just fell
those guys fell prey to the Latin you
know want to know why they did because
the Greeks came over colonized and said
hey morons get yourself an alphabet
and it was a woman who said that her
name is
song she plays the
guitar okay there's two types of speech
in the world there's a type that is the
Tower of babelon that is ancient Greek
and there is everything
else there is an elevated language out
there that I've spent my life
studying that many many people before me
have studied to preserve and to
understand and the best of these people
will tell you the same thing it is
humbling to sit at the feet of mother
creek it is
humbling your science is not coming from
nerds it's coming from
musicians musicians who are cracking
open the universe and bringing through
this hole the
reality that is the antimatter to our
image oh God it's
gorgeous it's gorgeous it makes me want
to SP something or someone somewhere in
the universe I just I don't feel it yet
I don't feel it flash that thing in
their face oh God look at that don't
don't look away don't look away now to
the morons that put dashes here right
between the syllables of this Linear B
right I don't like this the way this
database did this thing and I could say
that because I listen to EMT Bennett and
you know there's things that I don't
think he would like that you know hey
EMT we love you buddy um look at this
stuff what is this is this Linear B um
what is it it's the guitar man it's the
guitar that's entering Linear B so we
have very very very early instructions
to pick up our
guitars and that's what this
says do you understand the
apocalypse will
come at the voice of a
guitar didn't you see the guitars of God
in the apocalypse nobody reads the Bible
anymore Chey what the hell is wrong with
this nobody reads the Bible
anymore everybody should be reading the
Bible especially right now especially
right now let's go there um we need to
transform this thing don't we we need to
transform this thing let's um I want to
introduce you to a couple of terms in
order for us to get into the door
tonight I need you to squeeze through
this Greek I need you to squeeze through
this just take down the initiating upon
right here we go let's get in let's
slide into it
and yes
thos finally fos can you feel that what
a word man just look at it look at it up
in the upper left hand corner it that
word turns me on right just by looking
at it doesn't it you I mean look at the
first two letters right look at them
together right and then you know that
something's happening but then you get
Theus you get that double gamma oh my
god oh anyway it means sorry let's get
back to the meaning it's a distinct
sound and it's the sound of what well
the sound of people the sound of sirens
the sound of birds the sound in the
Greek that you can't see it I'm reading
it to you the sound of birds and the
sound of the sea the sound of dogs the
sound of
sheep right it is the
speech of the
individual it is the
music right now look at the very
bottom it is the
notes right it is the
strings of the liar the strings of the
liar are what begin for us presocratic
philosophy everybody knows
that those strings next one that those
strings are what that those strings are
what they
are the
excess of the
bow the bow only requires one
string but in order to hear the music of
the com
Cosmos you've got to have the
neon extra these are
receptors these are tents what is that
boing I'm sorry for those of you who are
new um we're talking about um groups of
people around the Black Sea we're
talking about cian tribes and we're
talking about their use of drugs and
christing during um uh Mysteries that
are meant to induce death and then then
a form of rebirth a resurrection all
drug induced all ritual Leed right and
this group of people they find some
something very enigmatic and important
and worth worthy of their
attention and that's the tension of the
bow right the tension of the bow because
it's the pling of that bow that gives us
the music of the universe right that
this is why Apollo is as a god of
healing as a god of music is also the
god of
death he is the bringer of the
sting that which you call the
plague I'm going to bring it to you and
show it to you now are you ready this is
a complete unfolding it's apocalyptic
give it to me Chewy I want to do this
right here's your name neuron here's
your neuron what is it well it's a
tendon it's a tendon right a nerve or a
senu some kind of
cord the strings of the liar the fibers
of plants look at number four people
nerves as organs of
sensation nerves as
instruments of
sensation do you know how you come to
climax you come to climax through the
tension that is in the
neon your climax your
death yeah it's the product of the
bow so it turns out if you want to get
all nerdly and Quantum it's the
tension in that
string that brings the home Harmony of
the
universe gorgeous gorgeous now is this
how they figured out how to open up
those portals shut up Timmy shut up oh
you're
so it's not that he's wrong it's just
that he wants to jump up there and
always
inject right it's definitely the portal
opening and is somebody who was
officially accused of opening
portals I can tell you for a fact the
physics is gorgeous it's all there
beautiful it's absolutely beautiful um
and thank you Bishop
Quinn
for deciding that I was
indeed um not one who was opening
portals and what was the other charm oh
possessed right it was possessed de
possession that was close one
right right so um look people let's just
jump into the text look I want to look
you uh grab your guitar people here's a
little
bit here's a little song and dance that
I just want you um I just want you to
know that even um the Greeks were so and
so in love with the wisdom that the
music was able to bring the
understanding that it was able to that
it was able to bring that they give us
things like this this is just a
description uh who's this Aus or
somebody it's a description it's what
you call an acris it's a description of
a statue of orfus and in it it's
describing his his guitar and he says
it's equal in strings to the number of
the muses okay now number of the mus
shifts over time right originally it's
like two and then somebody gets the
third and then all of a sudden it's
higher numbers and by the time we get to
Classical Greece it's nine it's a it's
it's a it's gotten all the way to nine
so what is he doing with his strings
he's matching his strings to the muses
do you understand portal opening
instructions number one all you
guitarists
you should be writing this
down CU these are the dudes and
dudets that pioneered that thing that's
sitting in your hands Isn't that cool
give me the list give me here before we
do that go give me the list give me the
list look at this people do you see all
this you see it before I do because I'm
a little bit delayed um and I don't mean
like functionally
right that's important you my new black
shirt it's important for you to
understand this look at these words look
at these words do you know these are all
using the root for guitar how many ways
do you have of saying guitar in in
English guitar guitar guitar do we have
any other words guitar no we don't do
you know why because we're dumb and we
don't even realize how dumb we are and
we trod in this bog and it drags us down
in English and that's what that Garian
was trying to tell you he was a
classicist and he was trying to tell you
hey hey
anybody
home right um your operating system
bloweth okay that was from Thomas
Jefferson that's what he said I'm
quoting him directly no people I'm not
quoting him directly I saw that in a
vision I can't do that right it's shame
on me shut up Tom give it give it to
me come on we can't we can't look at the
list look at the list no they didn't get
to see the list look at how many
people these are all these are all with
the kith in them these are all Greek
words do you want to know why mother
Greek is so sexy and so superior to the
garbage that you speak po Vu garbage
baby yeah you do we all do so is this
English
crap but here's some nice Greek right
ancient Greek not modern you people
don't get out of line oh I can read
Greek I speak modern Greek no you can't
you just think you can buddy you just
think you can you know that's okay keep
keep walking in that direction just
don't step in an arena with me right
which by the way everybody oh the fight
is on that's I'm wearing oh God it's
glorious tonight people the fight is on
what what am I talking about I'm talking
about
January Bob lson right versus um and
this is going to be absolutely gorgeous
now what I promise you what I promise
you is a quantm soul scything right what
is that what am I talking about think
about the Scythe right the instrument
right that you're going to be reaping
with and picture the soul um it will be
my privilege and my honor to show for
you
The Reaping of the human
soul thank you very much thank you very
much for any of any of your interest
tell your friends tell your friends and
who is the grand Inquisitor the grand
Inquisitor would be Danny Jones right of
course he will be refering from a
completely from a completely um part non
you know nonpartisan sort of corner
right because he knows he knows right
he's a
freaking journalist in Disguise dude
watch him right no nobody freaking gets
that but okay I'm just keep telling
people right I keep telling them why
journalism watch people all this history
that we're doing right it's journalism
when they're discussing that on a show
and they're discussing things like the
will you bring the whip of course of
course I'll bring the whip look what you
did look what you just did an a coluan
inconsistency we just injected it into
the system yeah I'll bring the whip am I
going to bring the
whip can you can you travel with whips I
don't know I don't know maybe the you
know let's see I can I can just [ __ ]
I'll just walk through the I'll just
walk up with it go give me the next one
did you see all those guitar words
people it's okay Chewy but did you see
all those guitar words right look at
this people look at all this there's
several verbs in here right
wait what look how expansive it is
adjectives nouns oh God it's gorgeous
everything all the Gambit why because
these
people
used their
guitar to bring
you the Tower of Babel the one
language that bridged everything took
everybody and boosted them up and it's
from this that you get the elosan
Mysteries Judaism Christianity and Islam
are Corruptions of those
Mysteries let me say that again Judaism
Christianity and Islam are Corruptions
of the Greek
Mysteries okay Corruptions and why do
you say
Corruptions why do you say Corruptions
because they're doing things they
they're altering they're making
alterations right this is not part of it
do you know what you have to do to that
person so that they can't be
demon-possessed I was accused of being
demon-possessed do you know if I had
been
living um 1,800 years ago do you know
what what happened to me 1700
1600 um even you know shoot all of the
time that Christianity has been in
control of the West do you know what
would happen to me I would be
purged I would be
purged
yeah now if I had been caught when I was
a kid by one of these monks who could
spy the demon they could have violated
me physically and that physical
violation which you and I call sodomy
that physical violation will drive the
demons away right and how do we know
that because the pagans
elves insist that an oracle never be
defiled that's why we have perfect
virgin oracles it's why it makes such a
big deal when they are
defiled do you understand so the monists
of Judaism Christianity and Islam know
it and they say we have documents where
they talk about hey did you know if you
sodomize that kid they can't he won't be
become
Pagan wait what excuse me it says on
page 876 the to you
know nine-year-old boys girls with two
pubic hairs and babies
two is okay because as all of us
traffickers
know
that Hyman will grow back that is
directly from a written Source from
Antiquity it's the
talmud okay the world is not what you
thought the world is not a fairy
tale okay tonight I'm G to show you give
me the next one give me the next one you
read let's give it to them give him the
dosage full dose this is full Antichrist
people right what how do I have to do
that how do I have to immunize you I
have to immunize you by giving you the
Bible
right how do you become
immune how do you become immune you see
the
reality from their
own words you march into the church you
kick down the door and you take those
texts back historically I'm talking
about right historically you walk up you
walk
up kick down any doors that's in your
way and you take back that Bible and you
sayl you please explain to me what Jesus
Christ was doing arrest being arrested
in a public park with a naked boy
screaming I am not a child sex
trafficker any ideas any ideas why Jesus
would do that you know how we're going
to harness the apocalypse right now by
opening a portal right oh God chewy did
you chewy I must commend you on
your your pensent for historical
accuracy I um is outstanding I must
admit though that um it is very very
difficult to understand and see the
reality the perception did I not oh by
the way people the word for
voice that I showed you thos before the
word that I showed you before it's also
the word for
penis
why because that
neon that tension is the stretch of
reality that brings us to the climax the
climax it brings us to that
place do you understand what those
people were thinking anthropologically
through their own words
okay gorgeous give me the next one it's
you just can't get away from it it just
keeps it just keeps coming in the beauty
the beauty oh here it comes I can feel
it it's not on our side yet people so
I'll just stand here um here we go how
do we harness how do we open what's the
key
okay I'm going to say this as directly
as I possibly can
the key to the apocalypse that is to the
door of the Apocalypse the key is in
this verse from the
apocalypse I'm just quoting the Bible
and what does this
say
God what is that
saying I
heard right I heard
this thing what was it it
sounded like the guitar
players playing their
guitars okay it sounded like the guitar
players playing the guitars these are
the guitars of God do you understand
they're the guitars of God you didn't
even know that did you Christians no you
didn't know that you didn't you didn't
know half of the coolness that is in
your own text right you look at it you
stand oh don't worry though we're about
to get freaky baby with some drugs and
some sexy sex and I'm talking history
talking sex and history right fantastic
and nobody studies this stuff because
why I don't know people are weird dude
give me the next one
oh here it is revelation 14:1 let's just
take a walk are you ready and I looked
and behold right what did I see I saw
the
Aron positioned there on the Mount of
seon what is an
Aron the little kitties the little
kitties of today will tell you oh here
they are speak of kitties tell me what
is the Aron and they will say Lord it is
the Lamb of
God and
you will will be
completely completely completely
deceived the Aron that I am introducing
you
to is the
fleece and upon this fleece is written a
song and if you did not know that you
are not one of the
144,000 those who have been taken to
death and resurrected those are the ones
who bear the
mark they will know the song they will
know the song do you mean the apocalypse
is about a song and we're standing and
looking at the keyhole of this door
and it's a song give me give me givee
givee did we finish that did we finish
that oh
God yes yes oh oh people people do you
know what's you know what we did that
here these
people who are worshiping this
Aron with the song written on it I'll
give you one guess as to what language
it's in these 144,000 they have the name
they the
name of
Jesus and the father written on their
foreheads are you ready are you ready
for these people now um isn't this
gorgeous why are they doing this writing
their names on the for does that say
what sure does it says on their
foreheads why would you do this when
would you ever in whatever context would
you have to write a name on your head
right well it varies from place to place
and Antiquity and culture to culture
there's no general rule but you see a
lot you see a lot of Tattooing in cult
you see a lot of Tattooing in
slavery and slavery you remember who the
first Christians
are
slaves because that's the cult baby do
you
understand do you
understand what do they have written on
their foreheads they have written the
Ona the name and every Christian in the
world with his unsatisfied wife can sit
there and say why why really why don't
you work
because there no Essence bro you got no
Mojo the Mojo is here in the text look
at what they're doing do you want to see
some freaks do you want to see some
freaks let's look at these Christian
freaks let's look at the monest let's
look at what they've done to the mystery
and let's open it up let's open it up
and make it happen oh God isn't that
wonderful these people are freak man
this fruity stuff man give me the next
one here it is revelation 14:2 and I
Heard a Voice do you understand where we
are do you remember the drugs that I
showed you do you remember that the
Beast and the cup of Lady Babylon
together are the thec and the death
inducer of the cult do you remember the
Dark Harbor that we went to do you
remember the communion of her blood do
you freaking remember the
Akida okay that's where this is coming
from She's the
One she's the one with the communion she
is the
savior and the
music is bringing her to light we are
unveiling what is
hidden this is
apocalypse give it to me give it to me
those seven heads we're those seven
we're those seven sons of you know what
go oh god I've got to maintain it
tonight right because we're in with the
freaks people tonight we're in with the
freaks I'm glad we're still online I'm
glad we're still online because this is
gonna get freaky and those seven dragon
heads okay just wait are you ready um
what I need you to do is I need you to
remember last time what we were talking
about I need you to remember the wolf
people and I need you to remember
everything that's going on with the
because it's going to hit you now heavy
what did these 144,000 do with the name
tattooed on their forehead by the way
Christians let me just say this if you
have not taken of this communion that
enters you into death and brings you
back to life um you're not a Christian
sorry um you know hey uh you got the raw
end of the deal your Christianity is
kind of a fake product of you you know
late Roman Antiquity through the Middle
Ages and then this Protestant diarrhea
you know what I mean there's like
historical you know Mama history just
got ate the wrong beef for some
[Music]
okay Chey if I'm alive at this time look
at me I got kicked out I got kicked out
of the universe man I don't know what
happened there I got I got bumped out
bring up that Source chew if you can
let's see if the people can see are we
not
in are we not in it chew will'll edit
this out people if we aren't there here
why don't you tell me when we're back
are we back yeah okay let's see what
happens bring up that Source I can't
believe it's this bad you're going to
have to restart the whole system now
aren't you
okay people it's apparently a break
we're going to restart
and and we'll be right
back
e
e e
look at that did we give you time to
have a little break little break you po
yeah there we did that's fantastic yeah
let me know hey if you're out there
satanic congregation give me some love
baby say we love you almond so that I
know that you can hear me baby come on
you know you want it come on first
person is gonna make my day come
on are we we better be
dead we better be dead here right I
think we're dead are we dead are we dead
I think I don't know
okay is anyone no it's not hey satanic
congregation if if you're live give us a
shout
out give us a shout out yeah no we're
all messed up we're going in
put it up chewy if you can hear it if
you can see him give me a shout
out oh midnight oh
Jesus don't watch the language people we
love you okay yeah somebody saying they
love me that's all it's important right
there baby right we got the love thank
you very much that's very
nice right I'm not sure how to say your
name NES rule right I'm not quite sure
about that that's fantastic oh oh thank
you so much thank you so much who is
that that's Stephanie Stephanie Barry
Barry love you too
Barry love you too Barry Thanks For Love
Barry look at people look
the devil gets more loved than Jesus any
day of the week why because he's not
lying to you right look at how poor
quality right that we've got going on
here said no we are not right this is
not a this is not a game I love you too
Dan thanks a lot man thanks a lot yeah
what's wrong with that you know what I
mean what's wrong with spreading Little
Love in This Time It's good right I know
it's sounding a little Hipp if I get too
hippie the devil will get upset devil
doesn't abite hippies for some reason
right first time he's like don't don't
you start acting like one I was like all
right man look at me I'm shaved bro
go turns out Jehovah is still dead right
I need to remind people of that every
once in a while yes Jehovah is dead and
by the way chewy will edit out that
little pause so let's just go as far as
we can here's here is the apocalypse 14
three are you ready are you ready and
they sing a new song in the presence of
the
thronos now people you read throne in
that and the translations would tell you
Throne right but you all know because
you've seen galin's work preserving uh
Nero's Arch physician right and you've
seen it what a what a throne is
excellent for those of you with ears to
hear look what they're doing look what
they're doing they are saying the song
in the presence of that drug and what is
that bringing them it's bringing them
the four living beings and the
elders right and nobody can learn this
song unless they're one of those
144,000 why they are aoras
T Gaye what
what they have been purchased from Earth
Market do you understand they have been
purchased from Earth
Market I told you we are working with
the
Lacey these are traffickers and humans
and do you know what you do with humans
that you traffic you give them drugs man
you give them
drugs the level of the manipulation is
gorgeous right but notice as is typical
for all for all of the cult mystery cult
that we've been looking at the
music is the
leader right the drugs are necessary the
music is the leader
without that music you have nothing you
have nothing and that portal will
close and guess what next time next time
they send somebody here to write the
wrong with the guitar they will do
it but it won't be you it won't be
you where is
orus do you why media was like let this
clown
write my
song do you know what's written on that
fleece it's her song are you ready you
people don't believe me oh God right the
cult people just keep your eye on the
anthropology keep your eye on the drugs
keep your eye on all the physical hard
evidence that's all don't come to any
conclusions just look at it like you're
looking one giant party of
Maniacs here we are party
144 who
to these are the
people who've never been
Stained been baptized with the
[Music]
ladies what do they do they follow that
song
wherever it
leads
these are those who have been purchased
from the earth Market they are the app
Ark they are the prime
sacrifice to
God to the
fleece the
song is what you need to begin and the
144,000
will be those who initiate the
apocalypse through the liar fantastic it
comes to the music it comes to the
music I appeal to the priest of Apollo
that is now time to
switch your
orientation to the
bakic we need a
chorus we need a chorus
of
boys who will cut off their nuts and
throw them at your
house do you understand we need the
Bonet chorus do you understand somewhere
out there somebody is hearing this and
understanding it someone out there is
hearing this and understanding it you
think you understand ancient
cult listen tell Timmy your 10-year-old
that he can take his testicles and cut
them off and throw them at your neighbor
Melinda's house and she's got to give
him everything he needs to dress himself
as a young
woman are you
ready you're gonna have to assume the
Fran Style baby because this is the
great sexy mother the great sexy mother
when I say the great mother people think
something very
wholesome and you know they they really
shouldn't they should think
instead about that 10-year-old
Timmy what happens let's just
say we change his name to Addis
don't be tempted at us
Timmy you're going to come across some
things in the
world let Mommy show you the beauty
don't go chasing
nymphs that is the cult of the great
mother and Timmy you need to make a
decision should you cut off your
testicles and throw them at your
neighbor's
[Music]
house or are you going to eternally
chase some kind of
figment and Lead yourself some path
maybe you'll become a monk Timmy maybe
you'll torture yourself for the rest of
your
life yeah all it took was a unic for the
kingdom of of Heaven do you realize I am
more Jesus Christ than the Jesus Christ
that you stare at on Sunday
morning do you
understand you have no comprehension I
am sending you a message from the
future you have no understanding of what
you are doing you know not who you
are it's a message
from the priest of
[Music]
Apollo Jesus Christ Jesus Christ give us
some more we got to see him partying
more because people are like oh show us
we want to see right you want to see the
details let's go oh let's go into this
room this is a nice house let's go into
this wealthy beautiful luxuriant house
of perverts in the Bible and see what
they're pulling out of the Apocalypse
let's do it is that guy still up there
is he going to stay up there he's got
some problems right but you know he can
see the light now he can see the light
yeah no there he is he's from last week
goodbye Jesus you got giant Palms man
what's the deal with that he' be good at
certain Sports you know what I
mean and in his mouth
wait what's this um this is what's you
not's mouth
saos everything that's put in Timmy's
mouth is
genuine Timmy is
blameless Tim Timmy's blameless no it's
okay we don't need to spank him now give
me the next one right Timmy is blameless
right people again if you're a Christian
you don't know what this talking about
you missed the boat and I saw another
sign in wos right every's like what OS
what kind of sign well it's big and it's
you know like incredible right what is
it well it's seven angels and what do
they have they have the plagos the seven
plos
esatas what these are special I hear it
sounds like plague I hear it sounds like
plague oh God what are these seven
angels what do they have they have
seven
bows are you people ready you know when
they start talking like this we're going
to bring out the drugs right we're going
to bring out the drugs okay the ride is
on hit hit it chewy hit it chewy
151 and I saw another sign it was great
and amazing it was these angels and
these got these plagues right and these
are the plagues that the plagues that
bring your finishing your Quantum
finishing they're going to quantum
finish you and why am I saying that
because this is the THB loss this is The
Passion of
God in its
completion do you understand what we're
doing okay I just want you to see that
now for those of you with ears to hear
you'll understand do you remember when
Jesus came out of the water with John
who was the Baptist known for what
Baptists were known to do and he comes
out of the water and all of a sudden
uros opens and that's when he goes into
the Aron into that
void okay now for those of you who
thought
fantasy you know the biblical you know
fantasy um lens that the theologians
will feed you that's funny but that
edone is a space it's a mental space
right you and I would say it's some kind
of psychological state that you put
yourself into something T out to really
deep meditation or something something
your vision inducing the mystery is a
vision inducing
cult oh God ask the devil man what did
you do I tell them I tell him devil I
tell him every time right
and not they don't listen they don't
listen I don't know why ladies and
gentlemen satanic congregation devil
devil ladies and gentlemen right let's
look at Jesus my God man and I saw what
what am I seeing now I saw something
that was like a sea of glass mixed with
fire right this is a good one what was
in the fiale what was in that bowl I
think we're going to find out in a
minute hang on people I may have passed
around something before that we're just
now catching up with you know what I
mean so don't worry I know you saw it
when you came in you were thinking it
was punch right fantastic IC so that's
what's going on with the little you know
little shifts in the quantum reality and
they sang where they're singing again
what are these a what are these angels
with these bowls of drugs singing
they're singing the song of museus or
Moses the slave of God and what else are
they singing This is line to people you
cannot deny this they are singing the
song that is on the fleet
face
yeah right it's not the song of the
Lamb it's the song that is on the Lamb's
skin yeah and what are they saying
they're saying great and wonderful are
your works oh
pantor they're using a pagan imprecation
of whom who do you freaking think
logically people seriously logically
Gunk gun congrats you could tell me
logically who that
is it's the messenger god and I tell you
the Ango we involved here bringing us
these drugs causing us these Visions
causing us to hear these voices what are
we we are
prophets okay do you see what's going on
and guess what our leader is a
guitarist uhuh not just any guitarist
best in the
cosmos yeah yeah
why
why because that's what it takes to
bring back Her Image do you understand
of Apollo
insisted that the
spring from which they
drank was pure nothing added right
there's nothing growing near that's
influencing this is a pure
spring right the nymphs here are pure
they will not drown you this is the
classical
well right they call it in Libya
Almond's well and watch what happens
when you drink from
it
fantastic oh God I love that don't you a
on you leave that one up isn't that
gorgeous people thank you chewy for the
gorgeous
pictures right oh that's so nice look
there are things that are sybols that
are integrated there almost as if you're
looking into the
[Music]
uranos yes oh it's
lovely hit me with the next s we're
getting close to the end I want you to
see the
apocalypse through this portal that
we're opening are you ready give it to
me oh God I love that picture though
maybe this is good that the internet is
at 0.5 Mbps right can you people believe
that can you believe I can do this this
is a miracle this is a satanic miracle
that you're witnessing right right 0
five that's all I need they were like uh
who wants this special Mission you only
got 0. five5 and the other people were
like you're crazy you can't do that
right oh sh they went and talked to
their agents right no no we're gonna do
it this is revelation nice job chewy
right we're gonna we're gonna blow this
place and go home yeah and this is
Revelations
162 and the first of these guys with all
these drugs these Angulo that are
bringing us these Visions they poured
out the feeling the first one poured out
his feeling his drug container he poured
it onto the earth now do you remember
last time do you remember last time that
um Jesus Christ himself is doing this
thing of using dirt essentially um
compounding it with a drug in order to
give you a medication This Is Not
Unusual do you know what they call that
they call it the Metallica
pharmica it is the Pharmaca the drugs
that are of the
earth that are of the Earth
Earth what is the metalon that which is
taken from the
earth right we have Metallica
pharmica oh God if this look people if
this magic doesn't get to you as soon as
I can I just comprehend it up to the
point of sexiness right and then I'm
like okay that's I'm good with this I'm
just going to stay in this room you know
what I mean but there is a side to these
sources that a true a a a true servant
of the
Muse um could
wield this great great
weapons
so yeah I hope that I hope that I'm able
to bring just a slight glimpse of that
to you let's keep trying to we got a
couple of more we're going to get kind
of turned on in sexiness here in the end
go give it to me like YouTube sexist
still right very clinical very clinical
what is that
fi the the thing that the angel is
carrying around pouring on your
thronos right do you understand those
with ears know that in the orphic Vox
thronos is
pharmacos right it's no even the
victorians knew that right we pointed
that out a long time ago but for people
who are catching up right that's part of
the lingo now watch what is the pla well
it's something that's used for
anguin
uence admin for administering
medicines so for those of you who were
saying look you can't talk about you
can't talk about the Bible and drugs
yeah you know what we dug up Nancy
Reagan we put her in the poop pit and
she's sitting there staring at the Grim
Brothers face to face right now telling
them to stay in school
school right every once in a while we'll
add a little
ordure right don't you love it don't you
love it give me a little sip give me a
little sip of that Venom oh God oh God
that's not how you do it you got to make
an angin bro I got to Christ your eyes
right don't you know how it works
people does anybody else does anybody
else know where this is being done
in history this is fantastic I love it
and um look people do you remember the
haraga what is that it's that thing it's
that Mark that you've got it's the mark
of the
beast it's the mark of the
beast now I'm going to give you the mark
of the beast right now because the
window is open and this is our
opportunity look at this with me people
any Mark engraved impr printed or
branded branded
stamped money
endorsement look at the very first line
after a do you see the words in Greek
you see a he a he and the Christians
will say Christos no harma and what is
that
harma it is the Serpent's mark it is the
bite and you and I will receive this th
seeon and we will be
resurrected and the kingdom will be ours
do you understand I'm about to show you
what kingdom can be brought do you want
to see what kingdom can be brought on
earth oh God this stuff is so sexy are
you I don't know I know congregation is
ready for this you know what I mean I
know they I know they are give me next
one God
go I wish you could leave can you leave
that up and just put the put the thing
over it no okay I'm
staring Revelation
166 right remember who were with
people we're pouring out the blood of
the Holy and the
prophets and we are giving it to you to
drink because you are wor
worthy because you are worthy isn't that
nice the blood of the prophets did you
know that the blood of those even those
initiates right those who have been
declared holy did you know we can use
that
blood it our own right Works off of that
blood right think of it this way um
they're a walking talking
Factory they just need to be
bled fantastic are you surprised that
they're pouring out blood for you in the
Bible in these writs do you have that
Mark on your head do you have it on your
head have you
been bitten by the serpent specifically
here it was the
Akida in the text it was the Akida did
you know at this time there are
temples where the aidai Priestess Hood
functions at this time they show up in
the acts right not just your Acts of the
Apostles but those other bozos too right
Phillip and the ones that you say are
not canonical right we're talking about
meat man right I know taking off the
skin I know it's been a long time oh we
didn't have any meat man tonight did we
I'm sorry people we sacrificed meatman I
we say yeah shout out chewy says shout
out if you like meatman a lot of people
wanted me to bring meatman back there's
a lot more Story of meatman Man I mean
he's going for a long time giving giving
people a hard time taking his skin
off yeah no who meatman or who oh no the
Wolves
yeah
um I don't think the combo chewy of me
men the wolf is a good one I don't know
we should take a poll on that one I just
it doesn't sound right you know what I
mean it sounds like a recipe for
somebody getting eaten I know it does
give me the next one I know he's going
to end up did I by the way mentioning
those wolves and I heard I heard because
they poured that drug those fraking
angels on my drug they poured that bowl
of drugs under my drug and now I can
hear voices coming out of the enthusiast
Arion what is Enthusiast terion oh it's
that thing that Moses erected in the
wilderness in order to hear the voice of
God this guy's going through it and who
is he invoking
ponor he's invoking Hermes
again he's invoking Hermes did you bring
your staff with a serpent W around it if
you don't know what I'm talking about
you have no you know forget about it you
haven't been initiated your blood is no
good you know what I mean it's not you
people
right yeah there he is oh Hermes look at
you look at you do you know what Hermes
always carries
around people say the cadus right but
that's not the answer what Hermes always
carries around are drugs drugs drugs he
carries drugs drugs drugs drugs
drugs and do you know what he does he
puts you to
sleep and wakes you up with them puts
you to sleep with drugs and he wakes you
up with drugs and he walks around with
that wand that wand and I'm just saying
I'm just
saying
okay when I woke up I was thinking you
know maybe I wouldn't talk to the doctor
about what had happened because I don't
know I don't know I think he went
places do you understand what I'm saying
they never tell you that you the problem
is they do tell you beforehand that
whatever happens you're not supposed to
talk about it right don't talk about it
the next thing you know you've had
something to drink I don't remember when
it was I feel like now is yesterday and
yesterday is tomorrow I'm really
confused right and here is
this guy with a
God and some more drugs and they're
putting drugs and everything and I'm
having the Visions oh God singing the
song just don't stop singing the song
right don't worry we'll get through it
give it give it to me satanic
congregation I'm telling you this is a
warning for what's coming right give it
to me give it to me and I heard right
those voices right no next one we need
next
one and the fifth angel poured out his
drug bow right on my drug
and which drug it's the drug
the oh man oh man so traditionally this
will be translated as Throne right the
Throne of the
Beast do you understand right remember
what does that Beast bear up it Bears up
the cup of
porna right we have the GLA we have the
antidote and we have the death inducer
right the
Revelation is an unveiling that comes to
us by the use of drugs and what does
this produce get this this is what it
says in Greek it produces the kingdom of
darkness do you want to know what can
come to Earth through this portal that
we have opened the kingdom of
darkness if that isn't the
coolest [ __ ] thing
ever nothing is and everything
sucks so let's do it right let's do it
right JY exactly look at that kingdom of
darkness man you know what the people do
they chew their tongue do you have her
where is she bring her up bring her up
you want to see this people through the
through the magic of of Chewy's art and
a slave AI that we have hidden in the
basement that is
non-existent yeah no right wait is that
the that's not the one that I wanted
that's not
the what is there another one there's
another one it looks like maybe the
drugs were affecting her yep there she
is there she is right that it's like a
before and after right so here we are as
the priest when they get to this point
right you're like okay they're turned
exactly into the right Zone take this
Mead out give her to the ladies and they
will teach her how to kill and eat a
[Music]
Christian are you kidding me no I'm not
kidding you I'm not kidding you at
all right what do these ladies eat they
eat
monists they eat monest why because
they're vessels for
possession they're vessels for
possession what do we have to do we got
to keep it clean we got to keep this um
very much like the Romans do with their
vestals right we know that when the
Oracle gets violated The Voice leaves
it you mean we've trained this girl from
the age of seven to be educated in
dance and in song and in astronomy and
Gi geometry we've trained her she can
even wrestle right and she's good with a
spear too right that's you got to always
be good with a spear you know what I
mean uhhuh uhhuh it's the manura of
Athena it's the manura side of Athena
that's Athena in North Africa right it's
the it's the Virgin with the
spear that scares us
all God
god god let's go okay give me the next
one give me the next one here I'm going
to finish off with the oh look I've got
the portal open I'm G to open a little
bit more I can feel it opening little
bit more tension on it but it's opening
and I'm sliding through and I
saw from the mouth of the
Dragon remember what's coming from the
mouth remember the kidna
from the mouth of the Dragon mouth of
the Beast the mouth of the false prophet
I see
three
unclean spirits and they are
breor Go
Frogs bre go gos right what are those
frogs what are those frogs in Antiquity
this is
lightning this is
lightning everybody knows what this is
this is part of the
initi into death and this is a
chorus and you are
here in order to receive the
vision are you ready give it to me give
it to
me isn't it it gets intense remember
people these are the prophets I told you
soon as we start hanging with the
prophets everybody's going to be getting
high right what's coming out of the
mouth of that
Dragon one of the
seven
Messengers having those seven drug Bulls
came and spoke with me saying hey come
here I'm going to show you the judge
judement the Judgment of the great
prostitute who sits on the
waters do you remember where it was that
we saw the sitting on the waters do you
remember where it was in our
vision that we saw that one sitting on
the
waters
please understand to me understand and
understand to me please understand
with the help of these texts what
direction these people are going and the
image that we are bringing broadcasting
to you from the other
side it's C of burning glass and the
song that we sing is your end give me
the last Source who is it we're singing
about where's the song going to come
from
it's going to come from she who makes
drunk the kings of the
earth those who were Intoxicated by the
wine of her vaginal
juice are you ready I told you you have
to come to
Aphrodite it is through her body through
sexy sexy mother Greek's living body
that we will find the
cup
this is the
apocalypse and it will be brought to
you by the
guitar thank you for coming tonight
thank you for putting up with our
desperate
situation hail Satan show me love big
bags of BL purple finger sticky touch up
to mix a lot I cannot lie I like big
bucks Monte Carlo cruising up Bell my my
and Lady Justice I trust Bella with the
leather whip in a red Co set and
stiletto heels the drug will take him to
hell she likes the darkest dreams snake
witch with Dragons dancing rock and roll
the stone R man thing she sent you to
the Dark Harbor to pick up the stash
it's a Monster Mash try some high purple
you'll have a bash why you so serious
I'm The Man Who Laughs lady
Babylon in a
chariot by a seven headed beast dragon
drawn I love you Mama dear hell Satan
turn it up out the speakers
dope Tweakers this tracks a banger
[Applause]